Welcome to this module.
In the last module, we added image upload,
now it's time to work more with our general post data again. Whilst we work with the files in the last
module,
now I want to handle pagination which means I want to control that we don't always display all posts
but that we can switch between different pages, so between different sets of posts and we only display
two posts on the first page,
two posts on the second page,
two posts on the first page and we can switch between these pages to load the appropriate posts for
each page.
That's a common pattern because we don't want to download all posts by default because if we have more
posts in our database, then we would download a lot of data which would not only mean that we transfer
more data over the wire,
it would also mean that we display a lot of data which might be hard to navigate through
for the user.
So let's add pagination in this module.